Add documentation on profiling (#5505)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/profiling.rst

One is by using the `built-in tracing profilers in Python <https://docs.python.org/3/library/profile.html>`_,
and the other is by using a sampling profiler such as `py-spy <https://github.com/benfred/py-spy>`_.

``cProfile``
============

The built-in `cProfile` profiler is a tracing profiler that records every function call and its duration.
This is capable of a very high degree of accuracy, but it can also introduce significant overhead.

To profile a test run, set the :envvar:`COCOTB_ENABLE_PROFILING` to ``1`` before running your tests.
This will create a file named ``cocotb.prof`` in the directory where the test was run.

.. code-block:: bash

   export COCOTB_ENABLE_PROFILING=1

   pytest
   # or
   make

There are many ways to view the resulting profile data, but one of the most common is to use the `snakeviz <https://jiffyclub.github.io/snakeviz/>`_ tool to visualize the data in a web browser.

.. code-block:: bash

   pip install snakeviz
   snakeviz cocotb.prof

``py-spy``
==========

Using a sampling profiler such as ``py-spy`` is not as accurate as a tracing profile,
but it can be used with much less overhead, which may be preferable for long-running simulations.

> To profile with py-spy, prefix the simulation command with py-spy using :envvar:`SIM_CMD_PREFIX`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To profile with py-spy, prefix the simulation command with py-spy using :make:var:`SIM_CMD_PREFIX`.
```

Author: See #5506.
